Hello everyone!
Today we're on Final Fantasy XIV A realm Reborn again
For the 2nd video i've made on the game, where we'll fight Titan
I said that i'd might make another raid that'd come after the first one
But i thought, since we just fought Titan this afternoon, and that was a really good fight
I thought it might be more interesting to do a video on him than on the first raid of the game which are simple
We're fighting now a Summon from the game
It's the battle at level 34 or 35, Because there's more than one battle
There's the storyline one, this one, one at level 50 and third one, Extreme mode
Which nobody tried yet since it wasn't available even on the first version
He does a lot of AoE, that's a problem when we're Pugilist or Monk
I was monk since at level 30 we can change our Class to the job
The big problem with Pugilist or Monk, it's a Melee that fighter near Enemy
But still keep at small armors, like Ranger,
That's the problem, yes we do lot of damage, but we can get really hurt fighting boss
We need to be careful now because he wont only do an attack at the center of the area
But as you could see, there was a red circle at the edge of the area
It's a part of the area that'll be destroyed, so we shouldn't be there
That's another of his special attack where he'll get someone in stone
And then we have to break the stone to get the player free, or we have one less person for the fight
There he just used a front AoE we really need to avoid because
It'll throw us back, and in this battlefield there's no invisible wall
And we can fall from the edge and die
So we really need to avoid his attack because we can easily die, and can't get raise
Because then we're at the bottom of the area, and there's no way a White Mage could target us
That's why we need to be careful
I think that's all for his attack, once again it's only the storyline battle
It might not be the most dificult fight of Titan, but it's still a great fight
Here i've made a mistake, one of the person was stuck in a stone
And something happened IRL, i couldn't focus
And didn't saw the person was stuck, so it took me a little time before i'd see it
So that was a mistake i've made, but thanksfully it still went fine
The fight is about to end, i hope you liked this video on Titan
I'll make another video of the game soon, maybe not on a whole raids like i did last time
But maybe another boss from a Raids, i did one for exemple in some Maya Ruins, which was really interesting
And it's not a raids from the storyline so no spoiler at all!
I hope you liked this video
If you did, don't forget to click on like, favorite, comment, share and subsribe!
Good day everyone! And See you soon!